## Answers

1. Node is a framework developed by Google that allows you to run JavaScript code on the server side (also known as the back end) of a web application.
2. Express is a framework built on top of Node that makes it much easier and more convenient to develop web apps and APIs than it would be in pure Node. Express is especially tailored for use with the MVC (Model, View, Controller) application architecture--it shares this feature with many other popular frameworks for both the front and back ends, including React.js and Ruby on Rails.
3. Middleware is one or more callback functions that are called when the server handles an HTTP request such as GET or POST. It is frequently used to perform tasks such as body parsing that are not natively supported in Node or Express. Most often middleware is imported from third-party code using the `require` keyword, but it can also be hard-coded directly into the JavaScript file as a function taking three parameters: the HTTP request and response, and a callback function `next` that is to be called to continue execution when the asynchronous middleware call has completed. The middleware itself is invoked from the main code using the `server.use()` syntax.
4. An endpoint is a path that maps the URL a particular HTTP request was sent to to a specific block of JavaScript code. It allows the server to look at the URL (either the URL in the browser or the URL passed to the server by a webpage in the process of making a request) and the type of request (GET, POST, PUT, or DELETE) and determine what server-side code should be run to process the request. It then takes two parameters: the URL in question (only from the root directory of the server onward) and a callback function whose paramters are a HTTP request sent by the client and an HTTP response to be sent back.